Modernize contributing docs (#44706)
rails/rails: guides/source/contributing_to_ruby_on_rails.md

To move on from submitting bugs to helping resolve existing issues or contributing your own code to Ruby on Rails, you _must_ be able to run its test suite. In this section of the guide, you'll learn how to set up the tests on your computer.

#### Using Codespaces

> Start a GitHub Codespace from the repository and start developing right away from the browser IDE or in your local VS Code. The Codespace is initialized with all required dependencies and allows you to run all tests.

Reviewer: I have a feeling this only works if your user account is part of an organisation that has codespaces enabled. So it won't work for everyone. See https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/43061#issuecomment-924152550

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/509837/158650889-fb44c0d9-5324-4b4c-be10-8a237d976fe1.png)

Author: Alright yea I totally forgot about the limitations of codespaces 😭 

I've updated this to say if you have a codespace enabled org, fork into that org and use the codespace there. Otherwise you can use the devcontainer file with docker and the remote vscode plugin.

### Older Versions of Ruby on Rails

If you want to add a fix to versions of Ruby on Rails older than the next release, you'll need to set up and switch to your own local tracking branch. Here is an example to switch to the 7-0-stable branch:

```bash
$ git branch --track 7-0-stable rails/7-0-stable
$ git checkout 7-0-stable
```

> NOTE: Before working on older versions, please check the [maintenance policy](maintenance_policy.html). No changes will not be accpeted to versions that have reached end of life.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: Before working on older versions, please check the [maintenance policy](maintenance_policy.html). No changes will be accepted to versions that have reached end of life.
```

Reviewer: "Changes will not be accepted to versions that have reached end of life." reads a bit easier
